# Alight Docusign


An Interactive Web Applications that Connects  Refugees with  Nonprofit Alight Refugees Supports Organisations
Powered by Docusign Signature API, Google Map, Google Chart Statictics, Email Services and Twilio SMS.


# How to Install the Application

1.)Once you download this application. First you will need to Unzip **mail_vendor.zip** folder and **twilio_sms.zip** folder inside the application main folder.

We zipped those 2 folders becuase Github only allow uploades of maximum of 100 files through web interface. Because those two folders contains numerous files so we have to zip it before uploading it to Github

2.) This application was written in PHP and thus ensure that something like xampp server is install. Ensure that PHP and Mysql is running.

3) The Alight Refugee Teams/Admin will need to Edit Settings.php file to update all Requirements like Docusign Credentials, Google Map API Key, Twilio SMS API, Email Server Configurations etc.

4) Edit both data6rst.php and db_connect_map.php  file to update database Credentials respectively.

5.) Export docusign_db.SQL which contains database Table.

 6.) make sure to configure Token Generation Redirect URL to point to Eg. http://localhost/alight_plus/docusign_token_generate.php for your App Settings at your Docusign Developers Account.

7.) Call up the application at browser and it will be running at http://localhost/alight_plus/index.php


# How to Prepare and Test the Application:

The Admin Will First Need to **Signup/Login and Click on Generate Docusign Token.** Once the Docusign Access Token is generated by Admin/Alight Refugee Teams, the Application is set for usage.

If **Docusign Access Token** get expired, the application will automatically leverage **Docusign Refreshed Toke**n to generate new Access token and thus the application will automatically continue to work.
